# Notes from the 8/11/2022 meeting of TFF collaborators

*   Proposed agenda topic: Jeremy Lewi will present his TFF-based ideas for new
    components that could be built
*   [JL] Focusing on simple federated analytics scenarios, connecting TFF with
    Google sheets to do simple fed averaging. Working in Kubernetes, reading
    from sheets.
*   [JL] One challenge is that currently workers are required to have ingress
    points.
    *   This is often not the case, so need a transport layer that enables
        connectivity to be established in the opposite direction, workers
        calling a server.
    *   Such component is not currently in the ecosystem.
*   [BC] Also saw the need for this. Currently using TFF in a limited fashion,
    in-house cloud where clients upload data. But, would need something like JL
    described above to migrate to a multi-datacenter setting.
*   [JL] Thinking of a layer that would enable workers to “pull” work items from
    a queue on a server - should it replace the existing runtime.
*   [KO] Don’t have to think of this in terms of “replacing” - you can keep the
    computation authoring and 98% of the runtime the same, and you’d just swap
    in the new component that works the way you propose instead off the remote
    executor as a mechanism for relaying executor requests top down.
*   [BC] Would you need it to be async, or would it work within the existing
    sync paradigm.
*   [BC] Also, some of the exiting platforms do use a “queue of tasks” approach,
    so this sounds like an established idea.
*   [BC] Introducing timeouts would also perhaps help to bridge the gap (to deal
    with slow workers or stragglers).
*   [KO] With respect to sync vs. async, we have collective abstractions in TFF
    that require the notion of a “cohort”. As such, there needs to be a time
    when some of the clients out there decide together to join a “cohort”, and
    the server would need to play a role in orchestrating this to happen. As
    long that’s done, the manner in which individual executor requests are
    relayed to clients can then vary. Remote executor that calls top-down is one
    way to go about it, but not the only one; a work items-based communication
    pattern like what was proposed above could also definitely fit into this
    structure. Seems like material for a small one-two pager proposal for
    someone to draft?
*   [JL] Volunteering to write down a proposal for a new component for us all to
    iterate on.
*   [JL] BTW, are there other adjacent repos with related functionality?
*   [KO] FYI, https://github.com/google/federated-compute also from Google, but
    that’s mostly focusing on a mobile scenario, it’s not connected to TFF at
    this point, and doesn’t contain the functionality you’re describing here, so
    it definitely makes sense to try and formulate a small proposal in this
    group.
*   [BD] Some questions to address: caching results, when to aggregate.
*   [Hao] Perhaps don’t need caching in this scenario if it’s not async
*   [KO] For scenarios that fit a simple MapReduce pattern, we do have some
    support in TFF, see
    https://www.tensorflow.org/federated/api\_docs/python/tff/backends/mapreduce.
    This library enables you to translate TFF computations into a MapReduce-like
    form that you could execute on a simpler platform. However, there’s some
    loss in expressiveness, and some of the ideas discussed earlier that
    required multiple rounds of back-and-forth communication between sevrr and
    clients wouldn’t be expressible in this framework. And, the cross-silo
    setting uniquely makes those types of ideas possible, since we’re dealing
    with groups of well-provisioned clients (silos) that can maintain
    long-lasting connections.
*   [Hao] What about collective ops, allreduce - are those supported or
    compatible
*   [KO] Not currently. Allreduce would have somewhat limited use, in that while
    it could be leveraged in a single fed avg scenario, it assumes no work is
    happening on the server in between rounds of processing. Won’t work in more
    general cases. But, having the two halves of it - efficient mode of
    broadcasting and efficient mode of aggregating, perhaps even with hardware
    acceleration, would be something we can take advantage of in TFF.
*   [KO] Sounds like JL is up for kicking off a draft of a proposal for a new
    component, and others have opinions for what should be in it - let’s
    collaborate (+1 from all in the room). To reconvene in 2 weeks, possibly
    with a draft to discuss.
