# Notes from the 9/9/2022 meeting of TFF collaborators

*   Discussion of Jeremy’s proposal, continued
    *   [TFF Tech Note: Client initiated Connections in TFF [Public]](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10rvJdXRtgVOYNU2cj-M4ycGLoAxI2m3BKcRJQtE9nY8/edit#heading=h.sw48ol3t02xj)
    *   [TFF Tech Note: Task Assignment [Public]](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T8b8Ga_ORf283FeEsz1RshsxmIhJYkbzg2j2-_WS57w/edit#heading=h.tgf0yqghramm)
    *   [prototype implementation](https://github.com/jlewi/flaap)
*   What to cover specifically - walk through both + verify against the
    understanding of TFF
*   Brief recap for new audience:
    *   Right now, all communication initiated by the server / coordinator to
        clients
    *   In many scenarios, clients can’t be addressed, they have no ingress
        endpoints
    *   Want a setup with server-side endpoint to connect to
    *   Desirable addition to the ecosystem, relevant to many application
        scenarios
*   Problem identified in Jeremy’s proposal - the concept of a task store where
    all responses are uploaded is at odds with the privacy properties we’re
    trying to preserve. Flow of data to the server must be mediated by the
    federated operators, and should’nt be happening at the granularity of
    individual TFF executor requests/responses.
*   (discussion of the TFF executor protocol)
*   (a few minutes of conceptual intro to the executor interface
    [in this YouTube recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxo96vJtL3c&t=14083s))
*   TFF supports deployment in two regimes:
    *   Stateful clients.
        *   General TFF executor interface is designed to support this mode.
        *   Clients host executors.
        *   Handles returned in response to executor requests hold client-side
            state.
        *   Passing those handles to subsequent executor requests supports
            client-side operations and pipelining.
        *   This is certainly possible with client-initiainited connections,
            albeit there is no component currently in the TFF repo designed for
            this.
        *   With client-initiated connections, control is still top-down, driven
            by the executor on the server side.
        *   Whereas mechanisms to orchestrate the exchange of requests and
            responses can vary depending on which party initiates communication,
            whether connections are long running, etc., at a logical level
            requests are still issued by the server.
        *   Client can contact the server repeatedly to feed responses and ask
            for subsequent requests.
        *   Client still retains state locally as it keeps contacting the
            server.
        *   Loss of state on the client or timeout on the sever still results in
            failure of the entire computation (same as in the regular executor
            setup).
    *   Stateless clients.
        *   Not compatible with general TFF executor protocol, as per the above.
        *   But, it can be supported by the MapReduce compiler - there’s a
            [library function in TFF in the tff.mapreduce.backends module](https://www.tensorflow.org/federated/api_docs/python/tff/backends/mapreduce)
            to translate classes of TFF computations into a MapReduce-like form
            that can operate in the stateless client regime.
*   Next steps: Jeremy’s proposal can be salvaged (but needs to incorporate
    statefulness on the client side)
