CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution;
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows
[Google's Open Source Community Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).

## Code Style, Guidelines, and Best Practices

### General Guidelines

*   Python code should adhere to the
    [Google Python Style Guide](http://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html).

*   Python code must support Python2 and Python3 usage.

*   Generally, function names should be verbs, e.g. `to_var_dict` rather than
    `var_dict`.

### TensorFlow-specific Guidelines.

*   TensorFlow code should follow the
    [TensorFlow Style Guide](https://www.tensorflow.org/community/style_guide).

*   TensorFlow code used with TFF should support both "graph mode" and "eager
    mode" execution. Good eager-mode design principles should be followed,
    including:

    *   Avoid saving references to tensors where the value may change.
    *   All TensorFlow functions should work correctly when annotated with
        `tf.function` or `tf.contrib.eager.defun`. Such functions should only
        return multiple outputs (e.g., as a tuple) if it always makes sense to
        compute all of these values at the same time.
    *   Collections should not be used, unless it is unavoidable to support TF
        1.0.
    *   State such as `tf.Variable`s should be tracked (only) by keeping a
        reference to the Python Variable object.
    *   Use program-order-semantics in `tf.function`s rather than explicit
        control dependencies when possible. If line of code A should execute
        before line B, then the lines should occur in that order.
    *   Don't write TF code which can only be correctly called once.

*   **dict vs OrderedDict**: Prefer `OrderedDict`. The names of `tf.Variable`s
    may depend on the order in which they are created, due to name
    uniquification. Since `dict`s have arbitrary iteration order, this
    non-determinism can lead to Checkpoint-incompatible graphs. Furthermore, TFF
    type signatures constructed from unordered dictionaries may also mismatch as
    their entries are permuted.

Commit message:

Update the CONTRIBUTING document.
* Replaced the Contributor License Agreements section with the equivalent
  section from TensorFlow.
* Added information about license and new files.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we have to jump a
couple of legal hurdles.

Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor License Agreement
(CLA).

*   If you are an individual writing original source code and you're sure you
    own the intellectual property, then you'll need to sign an
    [individual CLA](http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html).
*   If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work,
    then you'll need to sign a
    [corporate CLA](http://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html).

Follow either of the two links above to access the appropriate CLA and
instructions for how to sign and return it. Once we receive it, we'll be able to
accept your pull requests.

***NOTE***: Only original source code from you and other people that have signed
the CLA can be accepted into the main repository.

## Community Guidelines

This project follows
[Google's Open Source Community Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).

## Code Reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Code Style, Guidelines, and Best Practices

### General Guidelines

*   Python code should adhere to the
    [Google Python Style Guide](http://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html).

*   Python code must support Python2 and Python3 usage.

*   Include a license at the top of new files.

    *   [Python license example](https://github.com/tensorflow/federated/blob/master/tensorflow_federated/python/__init__.py#L1)

*   Generally, function names should be verbs, e.g. `to_var_dict` rather than
    `var_dict`.

### TensorFlow-specific Guidelines.

*   TensorFlow code should follow the
    [TensorFlow Style Guide](https://www.tensorflow.org/community/style_guide).

*   TensorFlow code used with TFF should support both "graph mode" and "eager
    mode" execution. Good eager-mode design principles should be followed,
    including:

    *   Avoid saving references to tensors where the value may change.
    *   All TensorFlow functions should work correctly when annotated with
        `tf.function` or `tf.contrib.eager.defun`. Such functions should only
        return multiple outputs (e.g., as a tuple) if it always makes sense to
        compute all of these values at the same time.
    *   Collections should not be used, unless it is unavoidable to support TF
        1.0.
    *   State such as `tf.Variable`s should be tracked (only) by keeping a
        reference to the Python Variable object.
    *   Use program-order-semantics in `tf.function`s rather than explicit
        control dependencies when possible. If line of code A should execute
        before line B, then the lines should occur in that order.
    *   Don't write TF code which can only be correctly called once.

*   **dict vs OrderedDict**: Prefer `OrderedDict`. The names of `tf.Variable`s
    may depend on the order in which they are created, due to name
    uniquification. Since `dict`s have arbitrary iteration order, this
    non-determinism can lead to Checkpoint-incompatible graphs. Furthermore, TFF
    type signatures constructed from unordered dictionaries may also mismatch as
    their entries are permuted.
