docs/api_docs/python/tff/learning/framework.md, before:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.learning.framework" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.learning.framework

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/learning/framework/__init__.py">View
source</a>

The public API for contributors who develop federated learning algorithms.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

## Classes

[`class ClientDeltaFn`](../../tff/learning/framework/ClientDeltaFn.md):
Represents a client computation that produces an update to a model.

[`class ClientOutput`](../../tff/learning/framework/ClientOutput.md): Structure
for outputs returned from clients during federated optimization.

[`class EnhancedModel`](../../tff/learning/framework/EnhancedModel.md): A
wrapper around a Model that adds sanity checking and metadata helpers.

[`class EnhancedTrainableModel`](../../tff/learning/framework/EnhancedTrainableModel.md):
A wrapper around a Model that adds sanity checking and metadata helpers.

[`class ModelWeights`](../../tff/learning/framework/ModelWeights.md): A
container for the trainable and non-trainable variables of a `Model`.

## Functions

[`build_encoded_broadcast_from_model(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_encoded_broadcast_from_model.md):
Builds `StatefulBroadcastFn` for weights of model returned by `model_fn`.

[`build_model_delta_optimizer_process(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_model_delta_optimizer_process.md):
Constructs
<a href="../../tff/utils/IterativeProcess.md"><code>tff.utils.IterativeProcess</code></a>
for Federated Averaging or SGD.

Commit message:

Implements build_encoded_mean and build_encoded_sum.
This enables the tools from tfmot(.)tensor_encoding package to be used to specify encoding mechanism in the StatefulAggregateFn. The enclosed next_fn takes a state at tff.SERVER, derives parameters to be broadcasted to tff.CLIENTS, who encode their values, and only the encoded representation is sent to tff.SERVER. The decoding part is automatically split based on (potentially partial) commutativity with sum.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 266433175

docs/api_docs/python/tff/learning/framework.md, after:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.learning.framework" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.learning.framework

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/learning/framework/__init__.py">View
source</a>

The public API for contributors who develop federated learning algorithms.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

## Classes

[`class ClientDeltaFn`](../../tff/learning/framework/ClientDeltaFn.md):
Represents a client computation that produces an update to a model.

[`class ClientOutput`](../../tff/learning/framework/ClientOutput.md): Structure
for outputs returned from clients during federated optimization.

[`class EnhancedModel`](../../tff/learning/framework/EnhancedModel.md): A
wrapper around a Model that adds sanity checking and metadata helpers.

[`class EnhancedTrainableModel`](../../tff/learning/framework/EnhancedTrainableModel.md):
A wrapper around a Model that adds sanity checking and metadata helpers.

[`class ModelWeights`](../../tff/learning/framework/ModelWeights.md): A
container for the trainable and non-trainable variables of a `Model`.

## Functions

[`build_encoded_broadcast_from_model(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_encoded_broadcast_from_model.md):
Builds `StatefulBroadcastFn` for weights of model returned by `model_fn`.

[`build_encoded_mean_from_model(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_encoded_mean_from_model.md):
Builds `StatefulAggregateFn` for weights of model returned by `model_fn`.

[`build_encoded_sum_from_model(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_encoded_sum_from_model.md):
Builds `StatefulAggregateFn` for weights of model returned by `model_fn`.

[`build_model_delta_optimizer_process(...)`](../../tff/learning/framework/build_model_delta_optimizer_process.md):
Constructs
<a href="../../tff/utils/IterativeProcess.md"><code>tff.utils.IterativeProcess</code></a>
for Federated Averaging or SGD.
