tensorflow_federated/python/learning/README.md, before:

# TensorFlow Federated Learning

This document contains brief guidelines on the organization of this component,
to evolve incrementally as new capabilities are added.

## Target Audience and Interface Surfaces

The interfaces and code in the `learning` component may be consumed by three
classes of users:

* **Modelers**. Users who will supply their own machine learning models, and
  use federated learning interfaces to train them on their data. These users
  should only depend on the public API surface that consist of a short list
  of curated symbols in `__init__.py` and create a build dependency only on
  the `learning` library.

  The symbols included in this public API surface are documented in the
  automatically generated Python documentation in `api_docs`. Typically, a
  user will wrap their ML model as a subclass of `tff.learning.Model`, and
  then invoke one of the constructors listed in the API to create one or more
  `tff.Computation`s that implement pre-defined federated tasks (such as
  training or evaluation), and that can be invoked to run on their data sets.

* **Federated Learning Researchers**. Users who will develop new federated
  learning algorithms, and may selectively reuse or extend a subset of the
  components from the `learning` directory, but not contribute them as a
  part of TFF proper, or maintain them either externally, or in a `research`
  directory during the development phase.

  TODO(b/117177413): Either create a second interface surface with curated
  symbols, or change build visibility rules to make everything public if this
  turns out to be impractical (TBD).

  TODO(b/117177413): Create the `research` directory and update the pointer to
  a more specific location.

* **TensorFlow Federated Contributors**. Users who will contribute federated
  learning algorithms to TensorFlow Federated should nest their code within
  the `learning` directory, and may link directly against all the modules and
  symbols contained herein.

Commit message:

Explicitly factors out a 'tff.learning.framework' namespace that will constitute the API surface for contributors to federated learning infrastructure.
PiperOrigin-RevId: 225904387

tensorflow_federated/python/learning/README.md, after:

# TensorFlow Federated Learning

This document contains brief guidelines on the organization of this component,
to evolve incrementally as new capabilities are added.

## Target Audience and Interface Surfaces

The interfaces and code in the `learning` component may be consumed by three
classes of users:

* **Modelers**. Users who will supply their own machine learning models, and
  use federated learning interfaces to train them on their data. These users
  should only depend on the public API surface that consist of a short list
  of curated symbols in `__init__.py` and create a build dependency only on
  the `learning` library.

  The symbols included in this public API surface are documented in the
  automatically generated Python documentation in `api_docs`. Typically, a
  user will wrap their ML model as a subclass of `tff.learning.Model`, and
  then invoke one of the constructors listed in the API to create one or more
  `tff.Computation`s that implement pre-defined federated tasks (such as
  training or evaluation), and that can be invoked to run on their data sets.

* **Federated Learning Researchers**. Users who will develop new federated
  learning algorithms, and may selectively reuse or extend a subset of the
  components from the `learning` directory, but not contribute them as a
  part of TFF proper, or maintain them either externally, or in a `research`
  directory during the development phase.

  The public API surface that supports this class of users is currently under
  development. The curated list of symbols that make up this API is emerging
  in `framework/__init__.py`, and some of the components may eventually migrate
  there, but most are nested directly in `learning`. The symbols in this API
  are included in the documentation generated for `tff.learning.framework`.

  TODO(b/117177413): Create the `research` directory and update the pointer to
  a more specific location.

* **TensorFlow Federated Contributors**. Users who will contribute federated
  learning algorithms to TensorFlow Federated should nest their code within
  the `learning` directory, and may link directly against all the modules and
  symbols contained herein.
