docs/api_docs/python/tff/learning.md, before:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.learning" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.learning

Defined in
[`learning/__init__.py`](http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/learning/__init__.py).

The public API for model developers using federated learning algorithms.

## Modules

[`framework`](../tff/learning/framework.md) module: The public API for
contributors who develop federated learning algorithms.

## Classes

[`class BatchOutput`](../tff/learning/BatchOutput.md): A structre that holds the
output of a
<a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a>.

[`class Model`](../tff/learning/Model.md): Represents a Model for use in
TensorFlow Federated.

[`class TrainableModel`](../tff/learning/TrainableModel.md): A Model with an
additional method for (local) training.

## Functions

[`build_federated_averaging_process(...)`](../tff/learning/build_federated_averaging_process.md):
Builds the TFF computations for optimization using federated averaging.

[`from_compiled_keras_model(...)`](../tff/learning/from_compiled_keras_model.md):
Builds a <a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a>
for an example mini batch.

[`from_keras_model(...)`](../tff/learning/from_keras_model.md): Builds a
<a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a> for an
example mini batch.

Commit message:

Implements federated evaluation (also adds recursive conversion to anonymous tuples from containers, and picks up a few changes to api_docs on rebuild).
PiperOrigin-RevId: 234161245

docs/api_docs/python/tff/learning.md, after:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.learning" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.learning

Defined in
[`learning/__init__.py`](http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/learning/__init__.py).

The public API for model developers using federated learning algorithms.

## Modules

[`framework`](../tff/learning/framework.md) module: The public API for
contributors who develop federated learning algorithms.

## Classes

[`class BatchOutput`](../tff/learning/BatchOutput.md): A structre that holds the
output of a
<a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a>.

[`class Model`](../tff/learning/Model.md): Represents a Model for use in
TensorFlow Federated.

[`class TrainableModel`](../tff/learning/TrainableModel.md): A Model with an
additional method for (local) training.

## Functions

[`build_federated_averaging_process(...)`](../tff/learning/build_federated_averaging_process.md):
Builds the TFF computations for optimization using federated averaging.

[`build_federated_evaluation(...)`](../tff/learning/build_federated_evaluation.md):
Builds the TFF computation for federated evaluation of the given model.

[`from_compiled_keras_model(...)`](../tff/learning/from_compiled_keras_model.md):
Builds a <a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a>
for an example mini batch.

[`from_keras_model(...)`](../tff/learning/from_keras_model.md): Builds a
<a href="../tff/learning/Model.md"><code>tff.learning.Model</code></a> for an
example mini batch.
