docs/api_docs/python/tff/NamedTupleType.md, before:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.NamedTupleType" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
<meta itemprop="property" content="__dir__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__eq__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__getattr__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__getitem__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__init__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__iter__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__len__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__ne__"/>
</div>

# tff.NamedTupleType

## Class `NamedTupleType`

Inherits From: [`Type`](../tff/Type.md)

Defined in
[`core/api/computation_types.py`](http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/core/api/computation_types.py).

An implementation of <a href="../tff/Type.md"><code>tff.Type</code></a>
representing named tuple types in TFF.

<h2 id="__init__"><code>__init__</code></h2>

```python
__init__(elements)
```

Constructs a new instance from the given element types.

#### Args:

*   <b>`elements`</b>: Element specifications, in the format of a `list`,
    `tuple`, or `collections.OrderedDict`. Each element specification is either
    a type spec (an instance of
    <a href="../tff/Type.md"><code>tff.Type</code></a> or something convertible
    to it via `tff.to_type()`) for the element, or a (name, spec) for elements
    that have defined names. Alternatively, one can supply here an instance of
    `collections.OrderedDict` mapping element names to their types (or things
    that are convertible to types).

## Methods

<h3 id="__dir__"><code>__dir__</code></h3>

```python
__dir__()
```

<h3 id="__eq__"><code>__eq__</code></h3>

```python
__eq__(other)
```

<h3 id="__getattr__"><code>__getattr__</code></h3>

```python
__getattr__(name)
```

<h3 id="__getitem__"><code>__getitem__</code></h3>

```python
__getitem__(key)
```

<h3 id="__iter__"><code>__iter__</code></h3>

```python
__iter__()
```

<h3 id="__len__"><code>__len__</code></h3>

```python
__len__()
```

<h3 id="__ne__"><code>__ne__</code></h3>

```python
__ne__(other)
```

Commit message:

Add support for eager-mode TF 2.0 SavedModel serialization.  This mode of serialization has the advantage that TF ops can already be defined when the TFF wrapper is invoked, rather than requiring that we pass around "stamper"-style functions that only do graph mutation when called. The is just to be able to naturally define and use objects like a keras.Model or tff.learning.Model, and then later decide to wrap some of the objects functionality as a tff.Computation, e.g., allowing us to pass around tff.learning.Model's directly, rather than a model_fn = lambda: Model(...).
Other related changes:
  * Extends tf_computation to accept @tf.contrib.eager.functions.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 230150096

docs/api_docs/python/tff/NamedTupleType.md, after:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.NamedTupleType" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
<meta itemprop="property" content="__dir__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__eq__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__getattr__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__getitem__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__init__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__iter__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__len__"/>
<meta itemprop="property" content="__ne__"/>
</div>

# tff.NamedTupleType

## Class `NamedTupleType`

Inherits From: [`Type`](../tff/Type.md)

Defined in
[`core/api/computation_types.py`](http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/core/api/computation_types.py).

An implementation of <a href="../tff/Type.md"><code>tff.Type</code></a>
representing named tuple types in TFF.

<h2 id="__init__"><code>__init__</code></h2>

```python
__init__(elements)
```

Constructs a new instance from the given element types.

#### Args:

# XXX Q - This is different than AnonymousTuple, where you

# would do (None, foo) instead of just listing foo.

# I prefer the AnonymousTuple convention I think.

# At least (None, foo) should be allowed here, though I haven't

# thought through whether that would introduce ambiguity.

# But the "fancier" logic for pairs-and-singles should maybe

# move to only be in to_type() rather than here.

*   <b>`elements`</b>: Element specifications, in the format of a `list`,
    `tuple`, or `collections.OrderedDict`. Each element specification is either
    a type spec (an instance of
    <a href="../tff/Type.md"><code>tff.Type</code></a> or something convertible
    to it via `tff.to_type()`) for the element, or a (name, spec) for elements
    that have defined names. Alternatively, one can supply here an instance of
    `collections.OrderedDict` mapping element names to their types (or things
    that are convertible to types).

## Methods

<h3 id="__dir__"><code>__dir__</code></h3>

```python
__dir__()
```

<h3 id="__eq__"><code>__eq__</code></h3>

```python
__eq__(other)
```

<h3 id="__getattr__"><code>__getattr__</code></h3>

```python
__getattr__(name)
```

<h3 id="__getitem__"><code>__getitem__</code></h3>

```python
__getitem__(key)
```

<h3 id="__iter__"><code>__iter__</code></h3>

```python
__iter__()
```

<h3 id="__len__"><code>__len__</code></h3>

```python
__len__()
```

<h3 id="__ne__"><code>__ne__</code></h3>

```python
__ne__(other)
```
