docs/api_docs/python/tff/simulation.md, before:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.simulation" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.simulation

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/simulation/__init__.py">View
source</a>

The public API for experimenters running federated learning simulations.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

## Modules

[`datasets`](../tff/simulation/datasets.md) module: Datasets for running
Federated Learning experiments in simulation.

## Classes

[`class ClientData`](../tff/simulation/ClientData.md): Object to hold a dataset
and a mapping of clients to examples.

[`class FilePerUserClientData`](../tff/simulation/FilePerUserClientData.md): A
`tf.simulation.ClientData` that maps a set of files to a dataset.

[`class FromTensorSlicesClientData`](../tff/simulation/FromTensorSlicesClientData.md):
ClientData based on `tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices`.

[`class HDF5ClientData`](../tff/simulation/HDF5ClientData.md): A
<a href="../tff/simulation/ClientData.md"><code>tff.simulation.ClientData</code></a>
backed by an HDF5 file.

[`class TransformingClientData`](../tff/simulation/TransformingClientData.md):
Transforms client data, potentially expanding by adding pseudo-clients.

## Functions

[`run_server(...)`](../tff/simulation/run_server.md): Runs a gRPC server hosting
a simulation component in this process.

Commit message:

Move functions from `examples` package to the `simulation` and `research` packages.
* Created new `tff.simulations.models` package.
* Moved code in the `examples` package to create mnist keras models to `tff.simulations.models.mnist` package.
* Moved the remaining code in the `examples` package to `research/utils` package.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 271211326

docs/api_docs/python/tff/simulation.md, after:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.simulation" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.simulation

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/simulation/__init__.py">View
source</a>

The public API for experimenters running federated learning simulations.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

## Modules

[`datasets`](../tff/simulation/datasets.md) module: Datasets for running
Federated Learning experiments in simulation.

[`models`](../tff/simulation/models.md) module: Models for running Federated
Learning experiments in simulation.

## Classes

[`class ClientData`](../tff/simulation/ClientData.md): Object to hold a dataset
and a mapping of clients to examples.

[`class FilePerUserClientData`](../tff/simulation/FilePerUserClientData.md): A
`tf.simulation.ClientData` that maps a set of files to a dataset.

[`class FromTensorSlicesClientData`](../tff/simulation/FromTensorSlicesClientData.md):
ClientData based on `tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices`.

[`class HDF5ClientData`](../tff/simulation/HDF5ClientData.md): A
<a href="../tff/simulation/ClientData.md"><code>tff.simulation.ClientData</code></a>
backed by an HDF5 file.

[`class TransformingClientData`](../tff/simulation/TransformingClientData.md):
Transforms client data, potentially expanding by adding pseudo-clients.

## Functions

[`run_server(...)`](../tff/simulation/run_server.md): Runs a gRPC server hosting
a simulation component in this process.
