docs/api_docs/python/tff/utils.md, before:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.utils" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.utils

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/core/utils/__init__.py">View
source</a>

Utility classes/functions built on top of TensorFlow Federated Core API.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

All components that depend on utils should import symbols from this file rather
than directly importing individual modules. For this reason, the visibility for
the latter is set to private and should remain such. The code in utils must not
depend on implementation classes. It should be written against the Core API.

## Classes

[`class IterativeProcess`](../tff/utils/IterativeProcess.md): A process that
includes an initialization and iterated computation.

[`class StatefulAggregateFn`](../tff/utils/StatefulAggregateFn.md): A simple
container for a stateful aggregation function.

[`class StatefulBroadcastFn`](../tff/utils/StatefulBroadcastFn.md): A simple
container for a stateful broadcast function.

## Functions

[`assign(...)`](../tff/utils/assign.md): Creates an op that assigns `target`
from `source`.

[`build_dp_aggregate(...)`](../tff/utils/build_dp_aggregate.md): Builds a
stateful aggregator for tensorflow_privacy DPQueries.

[`build_encoded_broadcast(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_broadcast.md):
Builds `StatefulBroadcastFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`build_encoded_mean(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_mean.md): Builds
`StatefulAggregateFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`build_encoded_sum(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_sum.md): Builds
`StatefulAggregateFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`create_variables(...)`](../tff/utils/create_variables.md): Creates a set of
variables that matches the given `type_spec`.

[`federated_max(...)`](../tff/utils/federated_max.md): Aggregation to find the
maximum value from the <a href="../tff.md#CLIENTS"><code>tff.CLIENTS</code></a>.

[`federated_min(...)`](../tff/utils/federated_min.md): Aggregation to find the
minimum value from the <a href="../tff.md#CLIENTS"><code>tff.CLIENTS</code></a>.

[`identity(...)`](../tff/utils/identity.md): Applies `tf.identity` pointwise to
`source`.

[`update_state(...)`](../tff/utils/update_state.md): Returns a new `state` with
new values for fields in `kwargs`.

Commit message:

Introduce InfEMNIST training with differential privacy.
Adds utility function to core/utils/differential_privacy for creating DPQuery with adaptive clipping and/or per-vector clipping. Also cleans up research/baselines/emnist/run_experiment.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 273777778

docs/api_docs/python/tff/utils.md, after:

<div itemscope itemtype="http://developers.google.com/ReferenceObject">
<meta itemprop="name" content="tff.utils" />
<meta itemprop="path" content="Stable" />
</div>

# Module: tff.utils

<table class="tfo-notebook-buttons tfo-api" align="left">
</table>

<a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/tensorflow/federated/tree/master/tensorflow_federated/python/core/utils/__init__.py">View
source</a>

Utility classes/functions built on top of TensorFlow Federated Core API.

<!-- Placeholder for "Used in" -->

All components that depend on utils should import symbols from this file rather
than directly importing individual modules. For this reason, the visibility for
the latter is set to private and should remain such. The code in utils must not
depend on implementation classes. It should be written against the Core API.

## Classes

[`class IterativeProcess`](../tff/utils/IterativeProcess.md): A process that
includes an initialization and iterated computation.

[`class StatefulAggregateFn`](../tff/utils/StatefulAggregateFn.md): A simple
container for a stateful aggregation function.

[`class StatefulBroadcastFn`](../tff/utils/StatefulBroadcastFn.md): A simple
container for a stateful broadcast function.

## Functions

[`assign(...)`](../tff/utils/assign.md): Creates an op that assigns `target`
from `source`.

[`build_dp_aggregate(...)`](../tff/utils/build_dp_aggregate.md): Builds a
stateful aggregator for tensorflow_privacy DPQueries.

[`build_dp_query(...)`](../tff/utils/build_dp_query.md): Makes a `DPQuery` to
estimate vector averages with differential privacy.

[`build_encoded_broadcast(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_broadcast.md):
Builds `StatefulBroadcastFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`build_encoded_mean(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_mean.md): Builds
`StatefulAggregateFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`build_encoded_sum(...)`](../tff/utils/build_encoded_sum.md): Builds
`StatefulAggregateFn` for `values`, to be encoded by `encoders`.

[`create_variables(...)`](../tff/utils/create_variables.md): Creates a set of
variables that matches the given `type_spec`.

[`federated_max(...)`](../tff/utils/federated_max.md): Aggregation to find the
maximum value from the <a href="../tff.md#CLIENTS"><code>tff.CLIENTS</code></a>.

[`federated_min(...)`](../tff/utils/federated_min.md): Aggregation to find the
minimum value from the <a href="../tff.md#CLIENTS"><code>tff.CLIENTS</code></a>.

[`identity(...)`](../tff/utils/identity.md): Applies `tf.identity` pointwise to
`source`.

[`update_state(...)`](../tff/utils/update_state.md): Returns a new `state` with
new values for fields in `kwargs`.
